Collect Call 

Synopsis: When a mysterious package arrives on his doorstep, a reclusive man must confront a secret from his past before it consumes him.

Cast: Garrett Ahrens, Edwina Thompson and Jonathan Sullivan 

Written & Directed By: Wesley Boone
Produced by: Justus Boone, Caleb Jobe, Wesley Boone and Brian McAllister
Director of Photography: Brian McAllister
Audio recorders: Andrew Scherer and Max Lindsey
Production Design: Caleb Jobe
Key Grip: Garrett Boone
Composer: Ben Richey
Colorist: Tre Wilson 
Foley Artist: Tom Soumm
Poster art: Alex Rothschild

Festivals & Awards
Orlando Independent Film Festival - Award Winner (Best Thriller)
Art Giraffe International Film Festival - Nominee (Best Director Debut, Best Composer, Best Thriller)
Tuesday of Horror - Award Winner  (Best Thriller)
Scream Queen Film Festival - Runner Up (Best Horror Film)
After Life Film Fest - Award Winner (Best Short Film, Best Cinematography)
Chicago Horror Film Festival - Official Selection
Calcasieu Parish Short Film Festival - Official Selection

Collect Call Links
Interview with Director Wesley Boone









Donor

Synopsis: A grieving mother struggles to process her reality when she meets the recipient of her stillborn daughter's heart.

Cast: Gordy Cassel, Lucy Faust, Wesley Boone, Garrett Ahrens, Kris Holmes, Carson Boone

Written & Directed By: Wesley Boone
Produced by: Paige Ferrant, Justus Boone, Caleb Jobe, Garrett Ahrens, Wesley Boone, Riley Boone
Director of Photography: Brian McAllister
Audio recordist: Troy McClannahan
Sound Mixer: Clint Watts
Gaffer: Sara Patterson
Lighting tech: JaCayla Smith
Foley artist: Tom Soumm
Composer: Joris Brunet
Editor: Wesley Boone
Production designer: Caleb Jobe
Set decorator: Gavin Mitchell
Assistant director: Trevor L. Poole
Visual effects Producer: Mattia Merenda
Assistant camera: Jason Stephens, Tre Wilson
Special Thanks: Darrin Dickerson
Poster artists: Chris Miller (@rapscallionart), Giulia Assis (@giuwls) Alex Rothschild 

Festivals & Awards
Renegade Film Festival - Award Winner (Best Editing Award), Nominee (Best Short Film, Best Performance - Gordy Cassel, Best Writing, Best Editing, Best of the Block - Mindfuck)
Maryland International Film Festival - Official Selection
WiFi Film Festival - Award Winner (Golden Bowtie Award for Best Overall Project, Best Cinematography, Best Directing for Wesley Boone, Best Performance for Gordy Cassel), Nominee (Best Title Design, Best Editing)
Ithaca Short Film Festival - Award Winner (Best Narrative Short Film)
Gallup Film Festival - Official Selection
Rock City Film Festival - Best of the Block - The Unseen Thread
Indie Vegas Film Festival
Panther City Film Festival - Award Winner (Best Performance for Gordy Cassel)
Peekskill Film Festival - Nominee (Best Short Film)
Fayetteville Film Festival - Official Selection
Oil City Film Festival - Official Selection
REEL East Texas Film Festival - Award Winner (Best Drama Short) Nominee (Best Performance for Gordy Cassel)
Screamfest NOLA - Award Winner (Best Louisiana Film)
Lake Charles Film Festival - Official Selection
Tampa Bay Underground Film Festival - Nominee (Best Thriller, Best Short Film, Best Short Screenplay, Best Cinematography)
Oneness Film Festival - Nominee (Best Short Film, Best Cinematography)
Abita Springs International Film Festival - Official Selection

Donor Links
Donor Review from letstalkterror 
Donor Wins Best Editing at Renegade Film Festival 
Donor on the Viewfinder Podcast

Director’s Statement 
The idea for Donor came through the defining tragedy of my life.
My best friend took his life a decade ago. He was an organ donor. His heart went to someone in need. When thinking about the emotions of how that would make his mother feel, I couldn't help but be compelled by this idea that a part of your child is out there, a key component now to someone else's life, while your child is no longer here.
When I think of this in the context of my best friend, there’s contradictory emotions. Am I happy he was able to bring life to someone else? I am. Am I heartbroken that he’s no longer here? Of course. Those contradictory emotions are what I hope the audience leaves with after following Beth’s journey.
I think Beth is such a strong person, but she's also blinded by this obsession of "what if". What if her child wouldn't have passed? What would her life look like? Would she still be married? Would she be a good mother? Would everything be better? That question is at the center every decision she's making. I think there's something courageous and dangerous about her commitment. Something admirable, but she's become poisoned by this thought. I think seeing this world through Beth’s eyes also helps the audience truly connect with how she’s experiencing everything. Beth’s nightmare becomes our own, and then transforms into this twisted triumph at the end.
Every character in this movie represents me on my own journey with grief. Seeing how their egos clash and how their individual degrees of emotional intelligence fuel their decisions was cathartic. Julia searching for permission, acceptance. Brian burying everything, running from it all. These are all things I’ve done at one time or another as I process and learn to live with the loss of one of my favorite people. Ultimately, I do hope audiences can empathize with Beth's experience while also seeing her journey as a cautious tale of what happens when we don't attempt to process our grief.
I had such an incredible experience working with Gordy and Lucy in shaping these two lead characters. Both brought so much nuance to each of these women in ways I couldn't have anticipated. They treated this story with so much respect knowing what it was rooted in. Our crew was also exceptional and game for everything we threw at them over the course of our four-day shoot.
This was the most challenging and rewarding creative experience of my life and I'm so excited for audiences to finally see the hard work our team poured into Donor!
After 

Synopsis: A couple is forced to confront the meaning of love, loss and legacy in a world where death is now a choice. 

Cast: Tara Tingle, Casey Groves, Bill Smith, Wesley Boone

Directed by: Wesley Boone
Written by: Andrew Scherer & Wesley Boone
Story by: Andrew Scherer
Produced by: Paige Ferrant, Sarah Collier, Brian McAllister, Justus Boone, Caleb Jobe, Wesley Boone, Riley Boone
Director of Photography: Brian McAllister
Audio recordist: Hunter Jones
Sound Mixer: Clint Watts
Gaffer: Sara Patterson
Grip: Jalen Rachal
Foley artist: Tom Soumm
Composer: Joris Brunet
Editor: Wesley Boone
Production designer: Caleb Jobe
Set decorator: Ethan Jones
Assistant director: Andrew Scherer
Script supervisor: Paige Ferrant
Visual effects Producer: Mattia Merenda
Poster artist: Alessandro Montalto (@noctrnl.layouts), Alex Rothschild
Special Thanks: John Oswick, Todd Flowers, Sarah Collier 

Festivals & Awards
Cinema on the Bayou Film Festival - Official Selection

Director’s statement
“After” is the first time I’ve collaborated on a script and story with someone other than my best friend who passed away a decade ago.
I’m constantly reminded of our collaborative style when I re-read things we wrote and watch shorts that we made together. We were hard-headed and stubborn. I’ve spent a lot of time growing up and replaying how I would handle working with someone else on a script if given the chance now. Luckily, I was presented with an opportunity to do just that.
A dear friend approached me with a script of his, asking me if I’d like to produce it. After some hesitance, he graciously allowed me to work through my own reservations alongside him. His patience and openness made this process easy! He allowed me to shape the script and story with him, giving me permission to put parts of myself in this very timely tale that would allow me to be fully invested in the production. I’m so thankful for Andrew Scherer’s collaboration and graciousness, for without it, this project would simply not exist.
This story is one that I immediately connected with. With the rise of Artificial Intelligence in our everyday lives, the world that Andrew painted in his script is one that may not be here today, but seems like it’s right around the corner. I’ve only been married for three years myself (and Andrew is newly wed), but thinking about the choice at the center of the story really resonated with me. What would I do for more time with the one that I love? It also brought up other questions, like what really makes us human? Is it just our collective conscience? And ultimately, who gets to choose how they're remembered?
Through Taylor and Robert, I think we were able to tackle these difficult questions and more. There’s a conviction in Taylor that I personally admire. She’s battled this illness against her will for years. Why would it be anyone else’s decision but hers on how it ends? There’s a calm that our actress Tara so steadily conveyed. She’s at peace with this decision. Because at the end of the day, the only thing she has any control over is how she’s remembered. Her identity and legacy should be her own, not for her husband to decide. She’s worried about becoming a burden to her husband. She’s quickly losing control over her life, and this decision is the one thing she still has control over.
But through Robert’s eyes, I understand wanting to do whatever possible to extend your time with the person you love. He’s also invested time and energy into Taylor during her fight. There may be an entitlement there that he doesn’t see a problem with. But this ultimately made me realize how, if we’re lucky, the most important thing that we can leave behind for our loved ones are the collective memories of a life well lived. All we can hope to do is give our spouse and our families something beautiful to remember.
We shot this over two days with an incredible crew in the heat of the summer. I had such a wonderful experience with our crew and our two leads, Casey and Tara. I hope the final product is able to make everyone associated with the project proud. The final shots of the film, with Robert and Taylor fulfilling a promise made to each other, just a little quicker than they wanted, moves me every time I watch. I hope the audience can connect with those moments, this story and the questions at the center of it.









Dead Air 

Synopsis: At the funeral of his best friend, a struggling stand-up is confronted with giving a eulogy. Even worse, he has to confront the possibility of not being funny.

Cast: Wesley Boone, Ariel Roberson, Matthew Margheim, Camille Gladney, Sara Patterson


Written & Directed By: Trevor L. Poole
Produced by: Paige Ferrant, Justus Boone, Wesley Boone, Riley Boone, Sarah Collier, Bill Poole 
Director of Photography: Brian McAllister
Audio recordist: Gavin Mitchell
Sound Mixer: Clint Watts
Sound Designer: John Weaver
Gaffer: Sara Patterson
Lighting tech: Tre Wilson
Foley artist: Tom Soumm
Composer: Vin Bruce
“Flysmoke” composed by: McClusky
Editor: Wesley Boone
Assistant camera: JaCayla Smith
Poster artists: Kadotani Fuka (@caffeine_house_3)

Director’s statement

When I originally conceived 'Dead Air' I felt I was floundering in my career. Just as Joey contemplates if he's made for comedy, I wondered if I was cut out for directing. My first short film had not quite succeeded in any particular fashion and I was feeling listless, not really moving forward in my career at all. All of these same feelings were funneled into Joey, and in turn my producer and lead actor, Wesley, so completely brought Joey to life with dedication and vulnerability. Wesley - like Joey - had lost his best friend and deeply connected with this aspect of the story, and when it came time to step on that stage in the chapel, he bled for the camera over and over just as I tried to on the page.
I often struggle in somber or tense situations and try to use humor to deflect, and while I know that is a defense mechanism I do firmly believe humor is a necessity of grief. Joey notices this at the end of his eulogy, and looking out at the audience, he can finally "read the room." Joey knows what they need is humor, even if they believe they don't. He tells a joke and in the process allows them to finish grieving for Leigh and celebrate her. And so with the ending montage, we live through the memories of Joey as he celebrates the moments of laughter he had with his best friend, the joy. He knows that every time he steps on the stage, Leigh will always be out in that crowd watching, and most importantly, laughing.
Joey won't continue to struggle with the support of those close to him, and I feel after directing this, neither will I. Multiple cast and crew on this I met more than 10 years ago, working in the box office of a movie theater. My producers Paige and Wesley and my supporting player Matt. All of us bonded over movies, and now we make them. We all came back together after a decade, and it felt like not a day had passed since the box office. I've made many other friends since. It already feels like a miracle I got to make another movie, only moreso I get to make it with my friends.



